Agile model/ Agile methodlogy/ Agile process
---------------------------------------------

It is an Iterative and Incremental Approach.
Agile is an Iterative and Incremental process.

Agile principles
-----------------
1) Customer no need to wait for long time.
2) We develop, test and release piece of software to the customer with few number of features.
3) We can accept/accomodate requirement change.

There will be good communication between Customer, Business Analyst, Developers & Testers.

Advantages:
-------------
1) Requirement changes are allowed in any stage of developnment(or) we can accomodate Requirement changes in the middle of developnment.
2) Releases will be very fast(weekly)
3) Customer no need to wait for long time
4) Good coommunication between team.
5) It is very easy model to adopt.

Disadvantage:
1) Less focus on design and documentation since we deliver software very faster.

Scrum
--------
Scrum is a framework through which we build software product by following Agile Principles.

Scrum includes group of people called as scrum Team. Normally contains 5-9 members.

1) Product Owner
2) Scrum Master
3) Dev Team
4) QA Team

Product Owner:
 	Define the features of the product.
	Prioritize features according to market value.
 	Adjust features and priority every iteration , as needed
 	Accept or reject work results.

Scrum Master:
	The main role is facilitating and driving the agile process.

Developers and QA:
	 Develop and Test the software.

Scrum Terminology
------------------
User Story      : A Feature/module in a software

Epic	        : Collection of user stories.

Product backlog : Contains list of user stories. Prepared by product owner.	

Sprint/Iteration : Period of time to complete the user stories, decided by the product owner and team, usually 2-4 weeks of time.

Sprint planning meeting : Meeting conducts with the team to define what can be delivered in the sprint and duration.

Sprint backlog: List of committed stories by Dev/QA for specific sprint.

Scrum meeting: Meeting conducted by Scrum Master everday 15 mins.Called as scrum call/Standup meeting.
		What did you do yesterday?
		What will you do today?
		Are there any impediments in your way?

Sprint retrospective meeting: conducts meeting after completion of sprint.The entire team, including both the ScrumMaster and the product owner should participate.
 


Story point : Rough estimation of user stories, will be given by Dev & QA in the form of Fibonacci series.

0 1 1 2 3 5 8 13 ......
 1 story point = 1 hour/ 1 day(6 hours)

Login ---> Dev-5 ,QA-3 = 8 Hours/ 1Day

Burndown chart: Shows how much work remaining in the sprint. Maintained by the scrum master daily.

Roles:
1. Product Owner
2. Scrum Master
3. Team

Artefacts
1. Product Backlog
2. Sprint Backlog
 Burndown Chart

Cermonies
1. Sprint Planning
2. Daily Scrum
3. Sprint Review

Scrum Board
-------------
 Stories |  To Do | In Progress | Testing | Done

Definition of Ready(DoR)

Definition of Done(DOD)f










